c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bin\Debug\Olá, Windows 8!.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bld\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bld\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bld\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bld\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bld\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bld\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bld\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bld\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bld\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bld\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Gabriel.MXSTK-III\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Gabriel.MXSTK-III\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel.MXSTK-III\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bin\Debug\Olá, Windows 8!.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Gabriel.MXSTK-III\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bld\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Gabriel.MXSTK-III\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bld\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Gabriel.MXSTK-III\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bld\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Gabriel.MXSTK-III\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bld\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Gabriel.MXSTK-III\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bld\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel.MXSTK-III\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bld\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Gabriel.MXSTK-III\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bld\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Gabriel.MXSTK-III\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bld\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Gabriel.MXSTK-III\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bld\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Gabriel.MXSTK-III\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bld\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Gabriel.MXSTK-III\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bin\Debug\Olá, Windows 8!_TemporaryKey.pfx
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Olá, Windows 8!\Olá, Windows 8!\bin\Debug\Olá, Windows 8!_TemporaryKey.pfx
